I'd now like to introduce our first
student speaker hailing from
Pennsylvania and majoring in psychology
mockba oh hey class day looking good I
like it I'm just going to take a second
and bask in the personal knowledge that
this is the largest amount of people
that will ever pay attention to me at
one time unless I do something really
really bad and they decide to show it on
TV something really bad you know like
trying to add a course without filling
out a score sheet seriously score sheets
are nothing more than University
experiment to see how gullible freshmen
are seniors how many of you filled out
score sheets this past semester exactly
we've experienced a lot this year guys
gas is really expensive but there's one
event in particular that stands out in
my mind is the perfect end to our
quintessential Princeton experience no
I'm not talking about writing our senior
theses I'm talking about the
commencement checkout fair to explain
for the parents and less loved ones of
the simulcast sites
the checkout fair is a mandatory event
for seniors where they prepare you for
departure it's like a really
well-organized bouncer I first heard
about the commencement fair from our
trusted friend and class president mr.
Thomas hain Tom Haines is a master
emailer seriously i hope to be his email
protege after my third email in about 26
seconds telling me to go to the checkout
fair I figured 80 try it I said he'll
I've got 10 minutes before I need to be
somewhere else I'll give it a shot let's
do this after all I love fairs like love
if there was funnel cake at the checkout
fair i was in signed me up so I arrived
at Dillon gym which has plenty of room
and you never need to wait to use a
treadmill and I see the commencement
fair sprawled out before me like a
buffet of commencement however not a
single clown funnel cake or ferris wheel
in sight commencement unfair
student government you said this would
be fun I smell a trap it might be fun
but I'm skeptical entering the
commencement Fair is like entering
Princeton you're greeted with enthusiasm
and then there's a ton of paperwork I
start with the general survey which is
like filling out 20 score sheets at one
time done and done there was even a free
response portion at the end of it and
I'm sure some of you filled it out and
then needed more room on the back I know
who you people are you have better
grades than I do next was the career
plan survey which was really easy for me
I pretty much just wrote my name and
started writing not applicable
everywhere how many offers have I turned
down is that a real question
so yeah that that didn't take very long
for me at all it's btdubs I need a job
finally I start the checkout process I
have a sheet to be signed at every
station very official I love checklists
so the first table is class tues $15 now
or $25 later you do the math I have
about three dollars at some old passes
in my wallet so I guess I'll be getting
back to them if you pay your dues
however you get a fancy pen in either
orange or wait for it black I would
never have guessed these colors for a
Princeton giveaway I realized later that
these pens are just another way to
distinguish who's better than me at
Princeton so I assume a few quintiles of
you have these pens the next table was
the Annual Giving Program which with a
growing sense of alarm and I was faced
with an instant realization I don't have
any money to give to Princeton because I
went to Princeton
I suggested an annual taking program
instead I wrote negative 31 dollars on
my pledge card and handed it in the
reception to this was lukewarm at best
to pack my digital suitcase which was a
no-nonsense talk from an oid employee
about how I need to forward all the spam
from my webmail so it can be with all my
real-life spam in my gmail there they'll
have little digital spam children live
happily mom when I'm done I'll explain
what gmail web mail and spam are but I
will not discuss having children after
that I was on to the fun stuff I stopped
at a table to vote for something I think
there's an award of some sort I voted
for the one person I knew and realized
what it's like to be in a class of
nearly 1,200 excellent people graduating
from Princeton is like what they tell
you when you're small and your team
sucks at t-ball we're all winners except
this time it's much closer to being true
they saved the best for last at the
commencement fair as I got my
commencement tickets cap and gown beer
jacket and your book all one after
another yes dad 176 grand and I have a
beer jacket I'm sure it's what you've
always wanted for me call pop up
immediately I frantically started
looking for my own picture in the
yearbook until I realized that I looked
like a person who was frantically
looking for their own picture in the
yearbook and that's hubris it was
intense any kind of nostalgia I
convinced myself I wasn't feeling
started to creep in but those seniors
just kept signing my little sheet and
sending me on my way I was almost done
and now we're here and we're almost done
it is June we'd better be at the end of
the checkout fair I had a piece of paper
that said I had done everything I was
supposed to do and that I could leave
and then since I guess it's a lot like
the piece of paper will all be picking
up tomorrow but unlike my little check
out for a diploma i had to give back
this one stays with me until the day I
die we did it we went to Princeton
thank you
you